Latently Deep Learning Certificate - Publically Replicate the Entire Academic Literature on AI and ML

The Latently Deep Learning Certificate offers self-motivated participants with the opportunity to build state of the art deep learning models and gain industry experience. We provide all the raw materials for success including the environment, access to a community (Slack), mentorship (Brian, Angie and the community), and a curated library of the hottest research publications on deep learning (access to our Paperpile). Over the course of 90 days, participants independently choose and build a deep learning model from our library. A model implementation can be completed at any time during the course of the program. Successful participants are those who commit to the program and effectively manage their own time and effort, demonstrating their engineering maturity. Hot and historically important models are the highest priority, but all models are eligible. You may earn multiple certificates, but we reserve the right to decline to accept trivial implementations or trivial modifications of existing implementations.

In exchange for your implementation you'll earn 5% * 1/N phantom stock in Latently, where N is the number of papers implemented, payable on change of control of the company, acquisition or IPO. No shares will be issued until the program is considered a success, which is defined as 1000 people implementing a paper to our standards. So invite your friends :) The program will continue indefinitely once 1000 papers are reached.

As part of the certificate program you'll gain valuable experience and access to our 16 GPU cluster provided by IBM. If you successfully implement the paper and we agree we'll also issue you a formal certificate that recognizes the engineering maturity required to successfully implement a paper and you'll also have priority access to interview for salaried positions when they open up in the future.

Code must be developed in public on our GitHub and released using The Unlicense (all code is in the public domain). Latently reserves the right to change these terms to help ensure the success of the program. Latently reserves the right to issue the Latently Deep Learning Certificate for other purposes, not limited to novel implementations of algorithms, collaborations, multiple certificates for one difficult paper, etc.

Ideally, a successful implementation of a paper implies writing code that replicates the findings in that paper. However, due to hardware constraints this may not be possible and so the nearest reasonable approximation is acceptable. If a certificate is issued for an implementation that was not a replication, that paper may be eligible for further development that results in a certificate being issued so that replication can be achieved.

Guidelines

As this repository matures code should be factored out into a resuable library that makes it simpler to implement new papers. Code is subject to code review. Repositories for specific papers should be named as follows: Author1Author2Author3EtAl1996_1. In other words, the last name of the first three authors followed by EtAl if there are more than three and followed by the year. If more than one paper has that code then add an underscore and increment a counter that starts at 1.
